sony xperia z ultra as a world's
slimmest Full HD smartphone with the
largest display the ultra comes with a
six-point 44 inch display that maximizes
the viewing experience and with its
hardware firepower rocks on performance
front to the Xperia Z ultra doesn't feel
too heavy with its 212 gram weight
evenly distributed across its large
frame of 170 9.4 by 92.2 by 6.5 mm it
has a six point four four inch full HD
display with a resolution of 1080 x 1920
pixels the triluminos display walls with
its color and clarity of pictures
rendered since the xperia z ultra is a
waterproof phone micro SD and micro sim
slots present on the right edge are
protected by flaps the right edge also
houses the power button and right below
it the volume rocker the ultra scores
high with its updated walkman music
player an FM radio complete with RDS
support and video player with a custom
UI
the Sony Xperia Z ultra has quad band 2g
and 3G connectivity across and support
for LTE bands it can achieve mobile data
speeds of up to 42mbps hsdpa and 5.7
6mbps hsupa local connectivity is
covered by dual band Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac
with DLNA and Wi-Fi direct there's also
Bluetooth 4.2 with a2dp and NFC the
Xperia Z ultra has an 8mp auto focus
camera that can shoot pictures at a
maximum resolution of 3264 x 2448 pixels
it comes with a comprehensive camera app
and can take fast panorama photos and
comes with an unlimited burst mode the
ultra captures good quality video with
the ability to zoom in and out and
capture high-resolution stills as the
video is being recorded so party or
celebrations make each moment count the
xperia z ultra is powered by two point
two gigahertz quad-core qualcomm
snapdragon 800 processor alongside 2gb
of ram from multitasking and switching
between apps to playing heavy duty games
the device is ultra fast and keeps pace
with everything thrown at it the OS is
the latest Android 4.2 point2 jellybean
with many custom apps on top from Sony
the battery is non-removable lithium-ion
3050 mAh battery rated for a standby
time of up to 790 hours on 2g and up to
eight hundred and twenty hours on 3g and
a talk time of up to 14 hours on 2g and
up to 16 hours on 3G the ultra is
available in three colors black white or
purple the Sony Xperia Z ultra is the
world's slimmest Full HD smartphone with
a massive 6.44 inch full HD display and
a performance to match so big is not
just beautiful it is thin and super fast
too